          Student

As a Student,I want to show The Class 

Confarmatrion: 1)Class is  1 to 10.
               2)Class Name should be Digit .
              
As a Student ,I want to show the Section 

Confarmation:1)Section Name should be Alphabet. 
             2)Also Mention The ClassName because 
              every class has Same Section like A,B,C,D.
             3)Section Assign With Total Grade Base .

As a Student,I want to show the student Name.
 Confarmation:1)Same Name May be same class.By  chance Same Father Name or Mother NAME.
                Then Admin handle those student NAME LIKE Omar1 and Omar2.

              2)Name must be Varchar.
              3)Not Null.

AS a student,I want to show the Course 	Name 
Confarmation:1)Every Student must take all courses .

As a student,I want to show the Drop course
Confarmation:1)One student can not drop the  courses.If he/she drop the course then 
               Those student drop the semester.

As a Student,i want to show The ExamRegistration

Confarmation:1)One Student must Paid the payment of semester.
             2)Print THE PAY SLIP.
             3)VERIFIED tHE ADMIN.
             4)other conserning cases can be happen but also permission by the admin. 
              
 

As a student,I want to show the Exam Name.
confarmation:1)Specific date One student exam name only one .    


As a Student ,I want to show the Examination Date 
Confarmation:1)One student Can give an exam only one On those specific date.

AS a Student ,I want To show the Exam Room Number.
confarmation:1)Same room different classes Student can give exam .

As a student,I want to show The Exam seat Number.
Confarmation:1)Seat Number should be Digit.
             2)One Seat Number can  assign a One student.
As a student,I want to show the Grade
Confarmation:1)System Not allowed Grade F.
              2)A=90,B=80,C=70,D=60

As a Student,I want to show the Payment 
Confarmation:1)	Payment are full .
              
             

                                                           Teacher

As a Teacher,I want to show the student Information

As a Teacher,I want to show the add grade 
Confarmation:1)Grade should Be A to D.
             2)F grade not recognize the system.
             3)If one time submitt the grade ,teacher can not access it.

As a Teacher,I want To show the the Class Name



As a Teacher,I want to show the Teacher Information

  Confarmation:1)Teacher Information includes Images ,Phone nO.,Email No.
               2)Student Can View The Teacher Informarion
               3)Pnone Number Can Have Double Number.
               4)Email address can have also Double.
 
As a Teacher,I want to show the Class Handling 

Confarmation:1)Specific Time Only one Specific class.


AS a Teacher.I want to show the ExamRegistration


                                           Parent

AS a parents ,I want to show the student Profile 

Confarmation:1)If one student misses the class consecutively admin inform that  by Email and Phone .
             2)Parents Can show the students Money Payment 

As a Parent ,I want to show payment 
  Confarmation:1)parents check the payment are paid or Not.



As a admin,I want to show the student profile

Confarmation:1)verified the student guardian phone number Valid or Not
             2)Check tHE attendence
             3)By chance wrong grade assign by teacher then admin can solve it .
As a admin ,I want to show the Teacher PROFILE 

AS a admin ,I want to show the parents profile .

Confarmation:1)Verified the parents phone and email.
             2)By chance parents can change the phone number Its also solve it.  

 As a Admin,I want to show the payment 

    Confarmation:1)check the payment if payment is clear then granted to Exam either
             Account block . 















 




 

            


 
 